skr-without-sc-integration-dev (#13801)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/fast-integration/skr-test-without-sc/readme.md

# SKR test

This test covers SKR (SAP Kyma Runtime).

## Usage

Prepare the `.env` file based on the `.env.template`. Run the following command to set up the environment variables in your system:

```bash
export $(xargs < .env)
```

Run the test scenario:

```bash
npm run skr-test-without-sc
```

## Environment variables

> `AL_SERVICE_KEY` must be a cloud foundry service key with the info about `UAA (User Account and Authentication)`. Learn more about [Managing Service Keys in Cloud Foundry](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/services/service-keys.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AL_SERVICE_KEY` must be a Cloud Foundry service key with the `UAA (User Account and Authentication)` information. To learn more, read about [managing service keys in Cloud Foundry](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/services/service-keys.html).
```
